Attractions Salon
============
Team Swee (Group 2)

This repository contains both the backend and frontend portions of the project.

## Getting Started
This project requires [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and uses [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) as a package manager. After cloning,
```
# Move from master to the develop branch
git checkout develop
git pull

# Installs required packages
yarn install

# Starts both the backend and the frontend
yarn start
```

## Git Structure
To keep things clean for the production environment, we will be using [Git Flow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow). In summary, the master branch represents production ready versions, while the develop branch and feature branches represent in development work.

Chris will handle deployments (merging of the develop branch into the master branch) at the end of sprints.

## Keeping this Project Clean
One of the hardest parts of this project is going to be the fact that many of us are new to this, but still wanting to make something quality. Therefore, here are some things to have laid out now to keep in mind as you work.

### Style
This project environment is equipped with a style checker called [ESLint](https://eslint.org/). The point of a style checker is to have defined rules laid out about the style of code, and having a way to check if you are breaking any of these rules, with the goal of making everything look homogeneous.

If you are using VS Code, I recommend installing the [eslint extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint).

Regardless of using the extension or not, at anytime use `yarn front-lint` or `yarn back-lint` to run the style checking on either portion of the project. 

### Unit Tests
Both the frontend and backend are equipped with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) for unit tests. Unit tests are very important on the backend, but due to the nature of the frontend I would recommend only unit testing certain complex components.

There is only a single testing command, `yarn test`, which will bring up a menu as described in the *Project Commands* section. The reasoning behind a single testing commands is because tests are important enough that is one team is failing their tests for any reason, everyone should be aware of it.

## Project Structure

#### `/api`
Contains the backend, including all controllers, models, start up files, and tests.

#### `/client`
Contains the frontend, including all assets, pages, and tests.

#### `/build`
The destination folder of any built versions of the project. When running the backend, the version of the server present in `/build/api` will be run.

#### `/scripts`
Scripts generated by create react app. These get called when handling the frontend running, building, and project tests.

## Project Commands

#### `yarn start`
Starts a local development instance of the project.

(Runs `front-run` and `back-run`)

#### `yarn build`
Builds a production ready version of the frontend and backend

#### `yarn front-run`
Starts the React dev server locally on port 3000

#### `yarn front-lint`
Runs style checking on the frontend

#### `yarn front-build`
Builds a production ready version of the frontend

#### `yarn test`
Enters the [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) test framework. This is a framework provided by Create React App.
**Usage (input symbol once at the Watch Usage Menu)**
- a: Runs all tests
- f: Run only failed tests
- q: Quit
- p: Queue files that pass a given RegEx Pattern
- t: Queue tests that pass a given RegEx Pattern
- Enter: Run Queued Tests

#### `yarn back-build`
Runs builds a runnable version of the backend

#### `yarn back-run`
Runs task `back-build` and runs the built version

#### `yarn back-lint`
Runs style check on the backend